Join a passionate and growing team and you’ll gain more than just a job. You’ll gain purpose. We’re advancing healthcare. If you’re smart, play well with others, and are up for a challenge, we’d like to transform it with you. With a wide range of opportunities all over the country, great benefits, and a diverse workplace, we’re a pretty terrific place to hang your hat. Enhance your career and explore your future with us. Driving industry change starts by creating an environment wherepeople feel empowered to innovate and transform. Winning awards is not the goal of Gainwell’s internal culture, but we do view these honors as proof positive that our vision has become our reality. We’re honored to have been named to Forbes’ prestigious list of the best large employers in the nation, a testament to the mission-driven culture and passion we all bring to improving health and human services outcomes. At Gainwell, caring for your health, family, and financial future are important to us. We offer a comprehensive benefits package to address your personal and family needs. Our benefits include: Your career goals take flight the moment you are hired. At Gainwell, our employees are encouraged to build futures. Career paths, mentoring, and training courses are available to help you explore, plan, build, and execute your career development plan within and/or across a variety of roles including business, technical, sales, project management, leadership, and corporate functions. So whether you aspire to specialize in one function or generalize across various roles throughout your career, Gainwell offers career mobility opportunities for an unmatched employee experience. Our broad range of well-being programs helps you get the most out of life. From fitness to relaxation and nutrition classes, you’ll enjoy benefits that support a healthy, happy life. We also believe in working hard and playing hard. We offer several opportunities for friendly challenges and workshops that get you interacting with your colleagues across the organization — encouraging fun, collaboration, and camaraderie. Our collaborative work environment contributes to our mission. The Gainwell Employee Experience is focused on four pillars to support a great place to work: Embracing Your Wellbeing, Celebrating Your Achievements, Achieving Your Career Potential, and Enabling Your Success. Our Employee Resource Groups (Mosaic, Pride, Unidos, Veteran, Women’s Opportunity Network and Abilities) are key components in our commitment to fostering an environment where all employees can thrive at work. We proudly support and actively recruit U.S. military veterans. The leadership, teamwork, and discipline gained through years of service enhance our culture and drive our business results. Bringing leadership and commitment, not just technical ability and knowledge, veterans have a place to grow and develop their careers. You belong here. Come start your career alongside an innovative team of problem solvers and doers. Whether you are an intern or a full-time employee, you play an essential role in achieving our goals. We support you as you travel on your career path and are committed to your success. Hear from the Gainwell team “I love that I am making a positive impact on my local community through my work at Gainwell. By helping medical providers get the answers they need, they can deliver better care to their patients.” – Lucy, Call Center Team Lead for Provider Services Receive job alerts and stay up to date with ways that Gainwell is transformingthe healthcare industry, one innovation at a time. Please be vigilant about online recruiting scams. Gainwell will never offer employment through Zoom, LinkedIn, or other social media platforms. All communication of employment offers is made through our secure careers portal. Additionally, Gainwell will never ask applicants to cash or deposit checks in order to purchase a laptop or office supplies. If you are unsure whether an offer of employment is legitimate, please contacttalent_acquisition@gainwelltechnologies.com. Gainwell Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer, where all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition), age, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Gainwell is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you need an accommodation because of a disability to search and apply for a career opportunity with Gainwell, please send an e-mail totalent_acquisition@gainwelltechnologies.comand let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. E-Verify Participate Poster Federal Contractor Applicant Information Right to Work