Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights that fuel better public health outcomes. Analytics have the power to improve Medicaid programs, enhance population health, and uncover opportunities for cost savings and efficiency. By identifying risk factors early and revealing transformational process improvements, advanced analytics solutions pave the way for program modernization. Gainwell’s expert data management and modeling capabilities, combined with our robust data lake, unlock deeper insights and more actionable analytics. Our comprehensive view of the national healthcare landscape provides unparalleled market perspectives, enabling better business decisions and improved user experiences. Contact usto start the conversation today. Calls Managed by Gabby, Virtual Agent Medicaid Providers Served in 2023 GainwellGeniusanalytics capabilities enable clients to collect, share, and derive meaning from any type of data in our secure, single source of truth platform — enhancing decision-making for members, providers, employees, and partners. With real-world data and AI/ML-enabled applications, state agencies and stakeholders are better able to serve their communities and promote a more sustainable healthcare system. Access to meaningful data makes reaching your financial, programmatic, and quality goals possible. Better understand Medicaid costs and program disbursements with our Claims and Encounters Analytics solution, which provides: Empower your agency to make data-driven decisions in real time with our Provider Analytics solution. You’ll gain the insights you need for program optimization, such as: Maximize the power of your data through advanced analytics. Obtain meaningful, data-driven insights on specific populations, helping you take a more proactive approach to preventive care and target programs more efficiently to high-risk groups. Drive maximum insights and manage drug spend across pharmacy and medical billing while making more informed and better decisions with our Pharmacy Analytics solution, which provides: Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability through GainwellEnterprise™. Improving the well-being of communities through person-centered, data-driven approaches with GainwellAssist™. Accelerating modernization, connectivity, and operational efficiency with GainwellConnect™. Maximizing the power of data, analytics, and technology to transform population health management with GainwellWholeHealth™. We deliver ideas that help shape the future of healthcare. Start the conversation today.