We are passionate about participating in events that inspire transformation and advance the dialogue that’s driving healthcare forward. Gainwell is proud to be a Platinum sponsor of the 2025 CWDA Annual Conference as part of our commitment to advancing human services innovation. This event is designed as a hub of collaboration and data-driven strategies for professionals dedicated to advancing California's human services system. Gainwell, a trusted partner to government agencies in modernizing Medicaid and public health programs across the country, will have a booth at the event showcasing our innovative public health solutions. HMS is ready to meet you at the California Association of Health Plans 2025 Annual Conference, which brings together over 1,000 healthcare professionals to address the challenges and opportunities in California's evolving healthcare landscape. HMS, a leading provider of program integrity and care quality solutions, will be onsite to showcase market solutions that can improve access, enhance efficiency, and support cost containment. Wednesday, June 4 at 1 p.m. ET | Technology Webinar Explore how AI is driving real-world impact in healthcare. This webinar features expert insights and proven use cases for improving outcomes and efficiency in Medicaid and human services. Gainwell is joining the program integrity community at this year's NAMPI conference to exchange insights, address fraud challenges, and explore next-generation solutions. Visit us onsite to see how our tools support smarter claim reviews, provider investigations, and case management. We’ll also share how innovations like enhanced Residency Verification are helping states reduce improper payments and strengthen Medicaid oversight. Gainwell is attending MESC 2025, where Medicaid leaders gather to explore what’s next in enterprise systems. This year’s event will highlight new thinking around operational excellence, compliance, and program integrity, along with fresh perspectives on today’s challenges and tomorrow’s solutions. Join us for engaging forums, hands-on demos, and meaningful discussions on the innovations driving Medicaid technology forward. Wednesday, June 4 at 1 p.m. ET | Technology Webinar Explore how AI is driving real-world impact in healthcare. This webinar features expert insights and proven use cases for improving outcomes and efficiency in Medicaid and human services. Join us at the 2025 National Other Party Liability Group Conference (NOPLG), in the beautiful city of Savannah, Georgia. This premier event is designed for Blue Cross & Blue Shield plans nationwide to explore the latest innovations and challenges in Coordination of Benefits (COB), Subrogation, Worker’s Compensation (WC), Medicare Secondary Payer (MSP), Other Party Liability (OPL) management, and Overpayment Identification & Recovery. We are excited to announce our participation as a Bronze Sponsor and look forward to the opportunity to network and engage with key industry leaders in this historic coastal setting. Join Gainwell at the 2025 State Healthcare IT Connect Summit, where we will explore Modernization Strategies for a Connected HHS Ecosystem. This premier event will delve into the latest advancements in interoperability, AI, and automation, driving collaboration across health and human services to deliver whole person care. We are proud to be a platinum sponsor of this event and look forward to seeing you there. The National Health Care Anti-Fraud Association (NHCAA) Annual Training Conference is a premier event for sharing information on best practices to detect, investigate, prosecute, and prevent fraud, waste, and abuse. Attendees represent both public and private sector organizations, including commercial insurers, state and federal governments, law enforcement, and regulatory agencies. Gainwell is excited to attend the conference once again and contribute to the national discourse on innovative ways of combating healthcare fraud. The National Association of Medicaid Directors (NAMD) 2024 Fall Conference is a one-of-a-kind gathering of Medicaid directors, state agency leaders, industry partners, and other key stakeholders. Gainwell is looking forward to connecting and collaborating with the NAMD community to advance our shared mission of strengthening the Medicaid program for the millions of people it serves. Join us to discover the solutions and approaches forward-looking states are taking to drive better outcomes. The California Association of Health Plans (CAHP) Annual Conference brings together more than 1,000 attendees to discuss the changing landscape of healthcare in California. Network with your peers, engage with our experts, and learn how we can help you navigate the future. Start the conversation today.