Become part of a dynamic and expanding team where your career will flourish. You’ll find more than employment; you’ll discover a sense of purpose. Here at Gainwell Technologies, innovation, expertise, and purpose come together to create impactful careers. With our India headquarters in Bengaluru and a branch in Chennai, we are building a strong team of over 2,000 professionals and counting. Here, we’re a thriving community, enabling meaningful contributions both locally and globally. Are you ready to elevate your career with us? Gainwell ensures employees are supported, valued, and set up for success through exceptional benefits. We’re committed to making Gainwell not just a great workplace, but the best workplace. Our benefits include: At Gainwell, we prioritize career growth and mobility, empowering employees to explore diverse roles including software development, data engineering, data science, and product management. Through training, certifications, and mentorship, we equip our team for excellence and future opportunities, including support for transitioning into specialized domains like Medicaid or AI in healthcare. Transparent job postings, competitive salaries, joining bonuses, and global exposure through international assignments enhance career progression, ensuring talent is nurtured and retained. We are passionate about sustainable innovation, making a real difference in communities and improving the health and well-being of people and the planet. Our projects create lasting changes, contributing to a healthier, more sustainable world for everyone. Here are some key highlights: We enable employees to thrive, collaborating on innovative projects that reshape U.S. healthcare, solve complex challenges, and create sustainable solutions. Gainwell supports U.S. Medicaid programs with cutting-edge solutions in business, technology, and analytics. From Medicaid Enterprise Systems (MES) to payment integrity and care quality innovations, we deliver excellence across the healthcare IT stack: We provide tailored, state-specific solutions that help our clients meet federal mandates while driving innovation and value. Our extensive range of well-being programs is designed to enhance your quality of life.We are committed to the principle of work-life balance. We offer many opportunities for friendly competitions and workshops, facilitating interactions among colleagues across the organization. These activities promote enjoyment, collaboration, and camaraderie within a professional setting. Our cooperative work environment drives our mission. The Gainwell Employee Experience focuses on four pillars: Wellbeing, Achievements, Career Potential, and Success. These support our commitment to fostering a thriving workplace for all employees: Receive job alerts and stay up to date with ways that Gainwell is transformingthe healthcare industry, one innovation at a time. Please be vigilant about online recruiting scams. Gainwell will never offer employment through Zoom, LinkedIn, or other social media platforms. All communication of employment offers is made through our secure careers portal. Additionally, Gainwell will never ask applicants to cash or deposit checks in order to purchase a laptop or office supplies. If you are unsure whether an offer of employment is legitimate, please contacttalent_acquisition@gainwelltechnologies.com. Gainwell Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer, where all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical condition), age, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Gainwell is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you need an accommodation because of a disability to search and apply for a career opportunity with Gainwell, please send an e-mail totalent_acquisition@gainwelltechnologies.comand let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. E-Verify Participate Poster Federal Contractor Applicant Information Right to Work