Enhancing patient outcomes through integrated, data-driven, and proactive population health management. Navigating the complexities of social services and healthcare delivery requires innovative solutions. Gainwell WholeHealth™ offers an interdisciplinary approach to population health management, leveraging a robust data foundation, meaningful insights, and leading technology to drive program excellence. By enabling connected experiences across members, providers, organizations, and community partners, we help states improve access and quality of care, optimize program performance, and enhance the health of populations. Contact usto start the conversation today. Medicaid Enrollees Supported Providers Engaged Annually Delivering Proven Healthcare Solutions Develop end-to-end strategies for population health success by assessing goals, managing stakeholders, maximizing funding, and aligning organizational and policy decisions. Integrate clinical, social, behavioral, and environmental factors to create a 360-degree view of members through a unified infrastructure to identify and engage at-risk populations, measure performance, and predict healthcare trends. Empower care coordinators to connect members to community-based services, utilize closed loop referral solutions, and provide continuous support throughout their healthcare journey. Leverage data-driven insights and tailored strategies to deliver more effective, targeted care to key populations of focus based on state program priorities. Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights with GainwellGenius™. Improving the well-being of communities through person-centered, data-driven approaches with GainwellAssist™. Accelerating modernization, connectivity, and operational efficiency with GainwellConnect™. Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability through GainwellEnterprise™. We’re passionate about delivering ideas that can help shape the future ofhealthcare, using education and transparency to improve health outcomes for all. Start the conversation today.