Last updated: April 15th, 2025 This Privacy Statement applies to all websites owned by Gainwell Technologies LLC (“Gainwell”), domains and services and those of our wholly owned subsidiaries or affiliates including any corporate bodies or organizations in jurisdictions outside the US (“Gainwell sites or services”), except that a privacy policy or statement specific to a particular Gainwell business customer, Gainwell service or program may supersede or supplement this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement” or “Statement”) explains how Gainwell collects, uses, discloses or otherwise processes personal information collected from users of its websites, including potential customers, as well as from job applicants when we interact with them using online and offline methods. This Statement does not address our processing of the personal information of our employees, individual resources provided by Gainwell contractors, or personal information received for employment benefits administration, health and safety, and other similar business-related and legal compliance purposes. If you are a California resident or a resident of India and an employee of Gainwell or a Gainwell contractor, or an emergency contact or beneficiary of benefits provided to one of the above listed categories of individuals, please refer to our Enterprise Employee Privacy Notice for information about our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information. We may also, in some circumstances, act as a data processor or “service provider” with respect to personal data. This Statement does not cover the activities that we undertake on behalf of our business customers and in which we act as data processor, or service provider. However, we note that where we are acting in the capacity of a data processor or service provider on behalf of our business customers we only process your personal data to the extent, and in such a manner, as is necessary for the business purposes in accordance with our business customer’s written instructions (including any applicable privacy notices provided by our business customers). We will not process your personal data for any other purpose or in a way that does not comply with our business customer’s written instructions or the applicable data protection laws and regulations.  Should you wish to inquire about the data processing we undertake for any of our business customers, or wish to assert your data protection rights regarding that processing, please contact our business customers directly or review the privacy notices available on their websites. Individuals with disabilities may access this Statement in an alternative format by contactingcompliance@gainwelltechnologies.com. Certain terms used in this Privacy Statement have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and implementing regulations (collectively the “CCPA”).  Collection of Personal Information Depending on your interactions with us, we may not have collected each of the below categories of personal information about you. We may collect different categories of personal information from you depending on whether you are a user of our websites, apply for a job with us, or interact with us in a business-to-business context. In general, we collect–and in the preceding 12 months, depending on your interactions with us, may have collected—the following categories of personal information: We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information” (as defined under the CCPA) for the purpose of inferring characteristics about individuals.  Sources of Personal Information We collect or receive, and during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, may have collected or received personal information from the following sources: When you visit our website, third parties with whom we work, such as Google, may use cookies and other technologies to collect personal information and other information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. The information generated by the cookies may include your IP address, your browser type, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit and the amount of time spent on each, your device’s operating system, your mobile device identifier, your geographical area, referring URLs, and other information on your interaction with our site. For more information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses information, refer to the following page: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. For more information about third party features and how third-party cookies work on our website, please read Gainwell’sCookie Policy. You can modify your cookie settings or turn off all or certain types of cookies by adjusting your browser settings. You may also use settings on our website to adjust your preferences. Please note, however, that if you delete or turn off cookies, you may not have access to some of the features that make your experience on our site smoother, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our services may not function properly. If you are our job applicant, we may also collect or receive, and in the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Statement, may also have collected or received personal information from job applicant references and other third parties involved in our employment and retention processes.  Use of Personal Information In addition to any purposes set forth above, we may collect and use (and may have collected and used in the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement) personal information for the following purposes:  When you interact with us as a user of our websites or through an offline method When you interact with us as a user of our websites or through an offline method, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: Fulfilling your Transaction Request and Operating our Organization If, for example, we receive requests for information or products or services, we will use your personal information to fulfill your request, including personalizing your experience with us to enhance features and design relevant alerts, products or services. In this context, we may share information with others, such as Gainwell affiliated companies and business partners, involved in fulfillment. In connection with a transaction, we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes, where allowed by applicable laws and regulations. We may also use your personal information to operate and improve our organization and our services. Presenting our Websites and Personalizing your Experience We may use information we collect about you to present our websites and their features and contents to you, and to troubleshoot, de-bug, and otherwise address issues that may arise with the functionality of the websites. We may also use personal information to provide you with a personalized experience on our websites, such as providing you with content in which you may be interested and making navigation on our sites easier. We may use “cookies” to help us improve this website and to track and store some of your preferences. A cookie is a small file created by a website or application to store information on your computer. For more information, please read Gainwell’sCookie Policy. Providing Support We may use your personal data to create, maintain, customize, and secure your information with us, provide you with support and respond to your inquiries, to communicate with you and with others, and to provide you with notices about your information and services. We may also use personal data to notify you about changes to our websites or any products or services we offer or provide through them. Marketing The information you provide to Gainwell, as well as the information we have lawfully collected about you indirectly, may be used by Gainwell for marketing purposes. Where required to do so by law, we will oﬀer you the opportunity to opt-in to Gainwell using your information in this way. You may at any time choose not to receive marketing materials from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each e-mail you may receive, or by contacting Gainwell directly atinfo@gainwelltechnologies.com. Additional information about our marketing activities, including targeted advertising, is available in the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” section below. Some of our oﬀerings may be co-branded, that is sponsored by both Gainwell and third parties, such as Gainwell partners. If you sign up for these oﬀerings, be aware that your information may also be collected by and shared with those third parties. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies to gain an understanding of the manner in which they will handle information about you. If you would like to review, rectify or request deletion of any Personal Information we have about you, you can submit a request by emailing Gainwell’s privacy office atcompliance@gainwelltechnologies.com. Monitoring or Recording of Calls, Chats and Other Interactions Certain online transactions may involve you calling us or us calling you. They may also involve online chats. Please be aware that it is Gainwell’s general practice to monitor, and in some cases record, such interactions for staﬀ training or quality assurance purposes or to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction. Gainwell will provide notice or obtain your consent to this recording where required. Mobile Applications and Use of Information in the Social Computing Environment Gainwell may provide links to third-party mobile applications or social computing tools on some of its websites to enable collaboration among members who have registered to use them. These may include links to forums, wikis, blogs and other social media platforms. When downloading and using these third-party applications or registering to use these third-party social computing tools, you may be asked to provide certain personal information. These applications and tools may also include their own privacy statements with specific information about collection and handling practices. We encourage you to read those statements to understand how the tools and applications may process your data. Any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions or any other type of personal information that you make available to other participants on these third-party social platforms or applications, is not subject to this Privacy Statement. Rather, such content is subject to the terms of use or privacy policies of those applications or platforms, and any additional guidelines and privacy information provided in relation to their use, as is the process by which you can remove your content from such tools. You should be aware that the content you post on any such social computing platforms may be made broadly available to others inside and outside of Gainwell. Protecting Rights and Property We may also use or share your information to protect the rights or property of Gainwell, our business partners, suppliers, clients, workforce members, or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected. We may also use personal information to ensure the safety, security, and integrity of that information, to the extent the use of your personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes. To Comply with Applicable Law or Legal Process In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or the rights of others, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, law enforcement or legal process, including to respond to any regulatory request. We may also use personal information to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts, policies or terms of use entered between us.  When you Interact with us as a Job Applicant When you interact with us as a job applicant, we may use your personal information for the following additional purposes: For Human Resources Management In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on a Gainwell website or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as the information in a resume. We may use this information throughout Gainwell and its group companies in order to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes, including but not limited to administration and management services, recruiting, performing background checks, determining suitability for employment, and determining physical and/or mental fitness for work. Complying with Legal Requirements We may use your personal information to aid in our compliance with legal requirements, including tax, record-keeping and reporting obligations; conducting audits, complying with requests from government or other public authorities; responding to legal process such as subpoenas and court orders; pursuing legal rights and remedies; defending litigation and managing internal complaints or claims; conducting investigations; and complying with internal policies and procedures. Applicant Photos At any time and without further notice, we may take your photograph during your job interview with us or, if you conduct a video interview with us, a screenshot of the screen that evidences your appearance (the “Photo”). The Photo will be used solely for the purpose of verifying your identity during onboarding if you are selected for the role, and may be used for comparison purposes thereafter for ongoing identity verification. Where required by law, we will not use the Photo for any purpose beyond identity verification unless we obtain your further consent. The processing of your photo is mandatory to ensure compliance with our internal security measures and to protect our organization and employees.  Disclosure of Personal Information We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual (de-identified information), without restriction. We generally disclose, and in the preceding 12-months may have disclosed, the categories of personal information listed above in “Collection of Personal Information” to the following categories of entities for business or commercial purposes as described in “Use of Personal Information” above: To our Subsidiaries and Affiliates As a global organization with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders, Gainwell may share information about you within Gainwell (including with our subsidiaries and affiliates). Our Privacy Statement and our internal policies and practices are designed to provide a globally consistent level of protection for personal information all over the world. Even in countries whose laws provide for less protection for your information, Gainwell will still handle and protect your information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement. To our Service Providers Gainwell retains service providers, suppliers, and other alliance partners located in various countries to manage or support its business operations, including by providing IT, security, monitoring, and data analytics services, to provide professional services, deliver customer services and solutions, and otherwise process information on Gainwell’s behalf. We may also work with third parties operating in the field of fraud detection and provide them with a job applicant’s Photo or the information provided in their employment application to the extent necessary to verify their identity. It is Gainwell’s practice to require such service providers, suppliers and alliance partners to handle personal data and other confidential information in a manner consistent with Gainwell’s policies. To Other Third Parties Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Gainwell decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize some of all of its businesses (stock or assets) in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of such information from sellers. It is Gainwell’s practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions. We may also share personal data with analytics partners that help us collect information on how our websites are used; and to other similar third parties where disclosure is required for an ordinary business purpose in connection with our provision of services. Please be aware that in certain circumstances, personal information may be subject to disclosure to government agencies and other third parties, including pursuant to judicial proceeding, court order, law enforcement or legal process. We may also share your information to protect the rights or property of Gainwell, our business partners, suppliers or clients, and others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be aﬀected. Gainwell is not in the business of selling your personal information, such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, or online activity, to third parties in exchange for money. However, we do share online activity, such as cookies and the advertising identifier associated with your computer or mobile device, with our advertising partners to show ads that are targeted to your interests. For more information about our use of cookies, please visit our Cookie policy. Under certain laws, sharing personal information with partners in exchange for some benefit, such as providing more relevant ads based on your information across websites, can be considered a “sale” or “sharing” (as those terms are defined by the CCPA). As such, we may be considered to “sell” or “share” or otherwise disclose your personal information for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising. The information that we collect and may “sell” or “share” for cross-context behavioral advertising, and may have disclosed for those purposes in the preceding 12 months, include automatically collected information through our website, and the recipients of that information are social media platforms and other targeted advertising companies. California residents may opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information as described in the “California Consumer Privacy Act – CCPA” section below. Please note that the right to opt out only applies to “sales” or “sharing” of personal information and does not restrict our ability to disclose information to third parties for valid business purposes.  California Consumer Privacy Act – CCPA Gainwell is committed to the lawful treatment and handling of personal information about California residents. The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This sub-section describes those rights and explains how to exercise them. This sub-section is applicable only to individuals who reside in the State of California. How to Submit a Request. California residents can exercise their privacy rights by submitting a request to us atcompliance@gainwelltechnologies.comor calling us toll free at1-877-586-1700. The verifiable request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. The verifiable request must also describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Verifying Requests. To help protect the privacy of California residents requesting to exercise their privacy rights (“Requestors”) and maintain security, we will take steps to verify the Requestors’ identity before granting access to their personal information or complying with their request. If a Requestor asks us to provide them with specific pieces of personal information, we may require they sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that they are the individual whose personal information is the subject of the request and provide appropriate proof of identity. For requests to know or delete information about a child under the age of 13, we accept requests for information regarding minors under the age of 13 if we can determine that such requests were submitted by a parent or guardian. Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of an individual using the same methods described above. Authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization, and we may also require that the individual directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent. Individuals may also provide us with a signed and dated power of attorney naming the authorized agent as their representative. Responding to Requests. Within 10 days of receiving a request to delete, to correct, or to know, we will confirm receipt of the request and provide information about how we will process the request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform the Requestor of the reason and extension period in writing. We may deny the request if we cannot verify the individual’s identity or are legally permitted to deny the request, such as if doing so proves impossible or would involve disproportionate effort. If we deny the request, we will explain the basis for the denial, provide or delete any personal information that is not subject to the denial, and refrain from using the personal information retained for any purpose other than permitted by the denial. We will maintain a record of the request and our response for 24 months. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to verifiable requests unless they are excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell the Requestor why we made that decision and provide them with a cost estimate before completing the request. Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. To the extent we “sell” or “share” your personal information (as those terms are defined under CCPA), California residents have the right to opt out of that “sale” or “sharing” on a going-forward basis at any time. . To exercise this right, contact us at compliance@gainwelltechnologies.com. You may also be able to restrict the collection of personal information through your device’s operating system or by disabling cookies, but doing so may prevent you from using the functionality of the websites. If your browser supports it, you can turn on the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal data. We honor the GPC and other universal opt out signals where we are required to do so by applicable law. These are signals you can send from your browser to a website to convey your choice to exercise certain opt-out rights granted by individual states. Some internet browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Our website attempts to comply with “Do Not Track” signals. However, there is not a uniform way that browsers communicate the “Do Not Track” signal, so our website may not currently interpret, respond to or alter its practices when it receives “Do Not Track” signals from all web browsers. Even if you opt out of the sharing or processing of your California Personal Information for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising, you may still see our ads online at other sites and apps, and we may still base aspects of ads on your interactions with us and the websites. We do not sell or share the personal information of any individuals under 16 years of age, and we will not use sensitive personal information for purposes other than those allowed by the CCPA as set out in Cal. Code Regs. tit. 11 § 7027(m).  Other Jurisdictions with Applicable Privacy Legislation Gainwell is committed to the lawful treatment and handling of personal information about residents of countries, such as India and Canada, that have implemented privacy legislation applicable to Gainwell. This sub-section describes the data subject rights that may be applicable in such jurisdictions and explains how to exercise them. This sub-section is applicable only to individuals who reside in jurisdictions other than California with applicable privacy legislation. How to Submit a Request. Residents can exercise their privacy rights by submitting a request to us atcompliance@gainwelltechnologies.comor calling us toll free at1-877-586-1700. The verifiable request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. The verifiable request must also describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Responding to Requests. After confirming your identity, we will respond to a verifiable request within the time period required by law. If we require more time to respond, we will inform the Requestor of the reason and extension period in writing. We may deny the request if we cannot verify the individual’s identity or are legally permitted to deny the request, such as if doing so proves impossible or would involve disproportionate effort. If we deny the request, we will explain the basis for the denial, provide or delete any personal information that is not subject to the denial, and refrain from using the personal information retained for any purpose other than permitted by the denial. We will maintain a record of the request and our response for 24 months. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to verifiable requests unless they are excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell the Requestor why we made that decision and provide them with a cost estimate before completing the request. Transfers and Disclosures We may share your personal information internally within our group or with third parties, including to administer your employment application. This may involve sharing your personal information to entities in a country outside your country of residence where the data privacy laws may not be equivalent to or provide the same level of protection for personal data, as the laws in your jurisdiction of residence. When we do this, we implement appropriate measures to ensure your personal data remains protected, as required by applicable data protection laws.  Information Security, Accuracy, and Retention Security is a high priority for Gainwell, and to protect the personal data and other confidential information and maintain its accuracy and integrity we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information. We require the same high standard of information security and information management of any third parties we share your data with. In addition, we take measures to limit access to personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties that have a legitimate business need for such access. Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your personal data, Gainwell cannot assume responsibility for information you transmit to us before we receive it. We will retain personal information only for as long as legally required or permitted and in accordance with Gainwell records and information management policies. Typically this means we retain your information for as long as necessary to carry out the processing activities described in this Privacy Statement, including but not limited to providing and administering the websites, providing you with customer service, answering your queries, complying with applicable laws, regulations, rules, and requests of relevant law enforcement and/or other governmental agencies, and protecting our, our employees’, and our business partners’ and clients’ rights, property, or safety and the rights, property and safety of others. We may retain personal information for a longer period of time if a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law. In specific circumstances, we may also retain your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges. If you are our job applicant, your Photo will be securely stored, and will be destroyed in accordance with our records and information management policies.  Changes to this Privacy Statement We may revise and update this Privacy Statement from time to time in our sole discretion. When we do so, we will update the Effective Date of the Statement above. You are responsible for periodically reviewing this Privacy Statement to check for any changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of a revised Privacy Statement means that you accept and agree to the changes.  Children’s Privacy Our websites are not intended for or designed to attract children under the age of 18, and we will not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children we actually know are under 18.  Grievance and Reprisal Protection Clause We are committed to protecting your privacy rights and encourage you to express any concerns regarding the handling of your personal information. In certain jurisdictions, such as India, you may have the legal right to raise a grievance if you believe that your privacy rights under this Privacy Statement have been violated or mishandled. We are dedicated to addressing such grievances fairly and promptly. Grievance Process: If you are a resident of India and you wish to file a grievance, please submit your concern in writing to our Grievance Officer, Marshall Preddy atcompliance@gainwelltechnologies.com. Your submission should include details about the specific issue, including dates and any relevant information, to help us conduct a thorough investigation. Response Timeline: Once a grievance is received, we will acknowledge receipt and aim to resolve your concern within 30 days. If additional time is required, we will notify you with an expected resolution timeframe.  Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us toll free at1-877-586-1700orcompliance@gainwelltechnologies.com. 