Improving the lives of individuals, providers, and those in health and human services through modern, innovative technology solutions. Across every critical touchpoint in health and human services, we provide innovative technologies that positively impact outcomes for all stakeholders. Our solutions are flexible and scalable, customized to suit your organization’s most complex healthcare challenges. As a leading provider of digital and cloud-enabled solutions and services in the U.S., we support programs inall 50 statesthat impactover 60 million Medicaid members. No matter your pain point, we deliver reliable and transformational outcomes. Contact usto start the conversation today. Delivering Proven Healthcare Solutions Dedicated Employees to Our Shared Mission Medicaid Enrollees Supported Across every person, community, and entity we serve, we remain focused on enhancing patient satisfaction, decreasing costs, and improving health outcomes to positively impact the most lives. Our comprehensive suite of strategic solutions and services are designed to meet you where you are in your modernization journey. Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability with GainwellEnterprise™. Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights with GainwellGenius™. Delivering seamless experiences for providers to enhance care and optimize efficiencies with GainwellProvider+™. Improving the well-being of communities through person-centered, data-driven approaches with GainwellAssist™. Accelerating modernization, connectivity, and operational efficiency with GainwellConnect™. Optimizing medication management to lower the total cost of care while improving patient outcomes with GainwellRx™. Providing comprehensive and innovative third-party liability solutions. Helping plans avoid and recover improper payments while detecting and preventing fraud. Enabling quality care and affordability with strategies that balance empathy and efficiency. Maximizing the power of data, analytics, and technology to transform population health management with GainwellWholeHealth™. We’re passionate about delivering ideas that can help shape the future ofhealthcare, using education and transparency to improve health outcomes for all. Start the conversation today.