Creating seamless healthcare operations and communication to accelerate modernization, modularity, and efficiency. Gainwell’s cloud-based SaaS simplifies modernizing MMIS systems and integrating MES modules. Our platform supports key priorities like CMS57 compliance for patient access, streamlined prior authorization, and efficient data interoperability. With real-time data exchanges, identity management, and built-in governance tools, we help Medicaid agencies improve operations and prepare for the future of public health. Contact usto start the conversation today. White Paper:Prior Authorization Watch the Video Gainwell’s cloud-based, SaaS SI solution is an interoperable and scalable platform that promotes strong program governance and standardization of processes, allowing you to transform your legacy MMIS and fulfill your MES strategies. Meet healthcare interoperability requirements, grant patients easier access to their own healthcare data, and accelerate beyond CMS rules with Gainwell’s Interoperability and Patient Access (IPA) solution. As federal standards have evolved, our Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) Interoperability system has kept up, supporting HIPAA standard requirements and delivering greater adaptability and ROI. Within a single platform instance, you can streamline updates across multiple standards, such as 5010 and future X12 versions. We believe that people are better prepared to lead healthier lives when they’re equipped with their own health information. Our digital platform brings that idea to life by empowering Medicaid members with unfettered access to their health records and clinical history, ensuring users can effortlessly navigate and understand their medical data. Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability through GainwellEnterprise™. Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights with GainwellGenius™. Improving the well-being of communities through person-centered, data-driven approaches with GainwellAssist™. Delivering seamless experiences for providers to enhance care and optimize efficiencies with GainwellProvider+™. We’re passionate about delivering ideas that can help shape the future ofhealthcare, using education and transparency to improve health outcomes for all. Start the conversation today.