A team of innovators driven by compassion and dedicated to empowering those who improve lives. Gainwell Technologies is the trusted partner to government agencies in modernizing Medicaid and public health programs. Our mission is to improve outcomes, enhance provider experiences, safeguard program integrity, and address fraud, waste, and abuse. With over 50 years of expertise, we deliver innovative, digitally enabled solutions that lead the way in advancing public health. Providers Engaged Annually Immunization Records Supported Medicaid Enrollees Supported For over five decades, we’ve built solutions to address the unique challenges of public health programs, aligning our technology and expertise with their mission to improve care. Our solutions prioritize ease of use and efficiency — whether it’s fast claims payments, seamless onboarding, or intuitive tools for patients, providers, and government employees. We help states lead in public health innovation by offering proven platforms that simplify adoption and deliver results aligned with their goals. Our advanced analytics and data capabilities help states address critical health challenges with speed, transparency, and actionable insights. With a history of measurable impact, we continue to serve clients across the nation, advancing the next generation of public health one program, one state, one member at a time. With Our Medicaid Enterprise System Support With Coordination of Benefits & Payment Integrity Solutions With Claims Processing Solutions Improving the health, safety, and well-being of America’s most vulnerable populations. Empowering those who create meaningful impact through innovative technologies and ideas for better health and human services outcomes. Hear from the Gainwell team “I love that I am making a positive impact on my local community through my work at Gainwell. By helping medical providers get the answers they need, they can deliver better care to their patients.” – Lucy, Call Center Team Lead for Provider Services Start the conversation today.