[Chunk 1]
While our measure of success is in client outcomes and community impact, we take pride in the recognition our incredible team receives from accredited organizations. Gainwell’s Talent & Development team won two gold awards in the Learning & Development category of the 2025 Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards. Our Career Excellence Series won a gold medal forBest Unique or Innovative Learning and Development Program, and our Account Leader Academy earned a gold medal forBest Learning Governance. Gainwell’s Mobile Digital Platform (MDP), part of the Gainwell GoTMuser experience solution suite, received a gold award in the Spring 2025 Digital Health Awards. The app enables Medicaid members to easily access their clinical data so they can coordinate their care across providers. Gainwell Technologies has been recognized as a 2025 Campus Forward Award Winner by RippleMatch, celebrating excellence in early career hiring

[Chunk 2]
. Gainwell Technologies has been recognized as a 2025 Campus Forward Award Winner by RippleMatch, celebrating excellence in early career hiring. Our recruitment team excelled in all categories, earning the prestigious Overall Excellence: Best in Class award. Two Gainwell team members secured Recruiting Choice Awards recognizing standout individuals in campus recruiting and talent acquisition. Kristie Crespo, vice president of talent acquisition, placed third in the Exceptional Leader Award category, and Frances Buitrago, talent acquisition consultant, was the third-place winner in the Talent Innovator Award category. Gainwell earned a top spot in Everest Group’s Payment Integrity Solutions PEAK Matrix Assessment recognizing leaders demonstrating innovation, vision, and impact across the healthcare payment integrity value chain. Gainwell was selected as a Momentum ITSMA 2023 Marketing Excellence Award finalist in the category, “Embedding Account-Based Growth

[Chunk 3]
. Gainwell was selected as a Momentum ITSMA 2023 Marketing Excellence Award finalist in the category, “Embedding Account-Based Growth.” Our submission, “Building a New Brand and Propelling Growth Through ABM,” covered the transformative work of our Campaign Marketing team in implementing and sustaining a robust, results-driven Account-Based Marketing initiative. Gainwell’s new employee onboarding process secured first place in its category at the esteemed 2023 AXIS Awards, affirming our commitment to creating an unmatched experience for our employees from day one. Our Gabby at Gainwell™ video secured a Silver medal at the 2023 Digital Health Awards. The video illustrates the power of conversational artificial intelligence in transforming the healthcare contact center experience. GainwellGo™, our mobile digital platform, won Gold in its category at the 2023 Digital Health Awards

[Chunk 4]
. GainwellGo™, our mobile digital platform, won Gold in its category at the 2023 Digital Health Awards. The app puts Medicaid members’ health and clinical history at their fingertips, promoting healthcare access and interoperability. Start the conversation today.

