[Chunk 1]
A cookie is a string of information that a website saves on a visitor’s computer and then the visitor’s browser provides to the website operator each time the visitor returns to the information collecting website. Gainwell uses cookies or makes use of a browser’s local storage capabilities to help Gainwell identify visitors, their usage of the website and their website access preferences. Gainwell may also use information derived from cookies or local storage to direct the visitor to information similar to what they visited and thereby market Gainwell products and services by personalizing the experience on the visitor’s web page on Gainwell’s site. Visitors can control cookie placement when using Gainwell’s website. Visitors who do not wish to have any cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Gainwell’s website, with the drawback that certain features of the website may not function properly without the aid of cookies

[Chunk 2]
. Some pages on Gainwell’s website may contain embedded content from third party sites, such as Vimeo for videos and SAP Success Factors for jobs. Gainwell’s website also allows for content to be shared through social networks but only at your request. Embedding and sharing content may result in cookies being set by those third-party sites. Gainwell does not control the dissemination of those cookies. Please visit these third-party sites if you wish to learn more about their use of cookies and similar tools. Please note that the Gainwell website is being constantly updated and this list will change over time. If you have any additional questions about Gainwell’s use of cookies please do not hesitate to emailinfo@gainwelltechnologies.com. Gainwell utilizes the following third-party services providers to provide additional features for our website. Visitors may set their web-browsers to refuse these cookies or limit their functionality

[Chunk 3]
. Visitors may set their web-browsers to refuse these cookies or limit their functionality. For information on these websites’ privacy policies, please visit the links below.

