[Chunk 1]
Giving back by partnering with nonprofits that share our passion for helping people lead happy, healthier lives. We’re committed to doing good things for the communities where we live, work, and play. Gainwell Cares supports our communities through six distinct initiatives: The FAQs below provide additional information about Gainwell Cares and theapplication process. Organizations submitting applications must have current tax-exempt status as a public charity under Section 501(c)(3) or 509(a) of the United States Internal Revenue Code or the international equivalent. In addition, grant proposals must: The strongest proposals address the following questions: Gainwell Cares does not provide support for the following: Applications and grant requests may not be submitted to Gainwell executives, employees, customers, suppliers, vendors, or other representatives. Grant requests may only be submitted for consideration by email during the open grant cycle

[Chunk 2]
. Grant requests may only be submitted for consideration by email during the open grant cycle. Applications must be received by 11:59 p.m. Central Standard Time on the last date of the grant cycle. Applications may not be submitted before the first date the grant cycle opens. Grant requests may not be submitted outside of the open grant cycle. All grant requests and applications must be submitted via the online application portal. Grants are non-transferable and may only be issued to the organization approved for the grant request and used for the purpose submitted and approved on the application and/or proposal. You will receive notifications by email. We will notify applicants approximately six to eight weeks after the grant cycle ends. Funding for approved grants may vary by project, program, organization, and available funds. Gainwell Cares reserves the right to approve grants to organizations in either a partial or full amount

[Chunk 3]
. Gainwell Cares reserves the right to approve grants to organizations in either a partial or full amount. Your organization will need to submit proof of an approved 501(c)(3) or 509(a) tax-exempt status. Your organization may be requested to submit operating documents that outline your board of directors and their roles, organization location, and purpose. In addition, you may be required to submit documents pertaining to the program for which you are requesting funding. Gainwell Cares provides financial support to nonprofit organizations. Individuals are not eligible. To be considered for a grant, your organization must align with one of Gainwell Cares’ six areas of focus. Grant requests may be denied based on the volume of requests received or because the request doesn’t align with Gainwell’s mission. Currently, Gainwell Cares does not approve multiyear funding requests. Please apply during the next open grant cycle

[Chunk 4]
. Currently, Gainwell Cares does not approve multiyear funding requests. Please apply during the next open grant cycle. Funding will be available approximately two to four weeks upon the successful submission of all required documents and signatures. Organizations with 501(c)(3) and 509(a) tax-exempt status under the United States Internal Revenue Code or the international equivalent are invited to apply for a Gainwell Cares grant.

