[Chunk 1]
Delivering impactful care through person-centered solutions. Building healthier communities is all about access — ensuring recipients have access to vital care and support services and that agencies have the information they need to deliver these services effectively. At the core of our solutions for human services and public health organizations is the ability to streamline systems and processes, benefiting recipients, providers, employees, and community partners, and creating pathways to better care. Contact usto start the conversation today. Immunization Records Maintained Individuals Received Eligibility Services Delivering Proven Healthcare Solutions Streamline eligibility and enrollment processes, allowing people to more easily engage with the services they need to live happier, healthier lives. Evaluate whole person needs, track the entire referral process, and gain social determinants of health insights through advanced analytics tools

[Chunk 2]
. Evaluate whole person needs, track the entire referral process, and gain social determinants of health insights through advanced analytics tools. Make data-driven decisions, maintain compliance with industry requirements, and increase the effectiveness of public healthcare management and delivery in your immunization program. Support families with healthy habits, improve nutrition, and facilitate access to the care they need. We work with state WIC programs and systems approved by the Food and Nutrition Service (FNS), such as Crossroads and SPIRIT. Support the health, safety, and well-being of vulnerable children and families. We help you integrate your program with other early childhood systems, data warehouses, Medicaid, and third-party payers. Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights with GainwellGenius™. Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability through GainwellEnterprise™

[Chunk 3]
. Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability through GainwellEnterprise™. Accelerating modernization, connectivity, and operational efficiency with GainwellConnect™. Maximizing the power of data, analytics, and technology to transform population health management with GainwellWholeHealth™. We’re passionate about delivering ideas that can help shape the future ofhealthcare, using education and transparency to improve health outcomes for all. Start the conversation today.

