[Chunk 1]
Optimizing Medicaid drug spending while improving patient outcomes. GainwellRx™ Pharmacy Solutions help Medicaid agencies develop and implement strategies that optimize drug spending and improve patient care. Our intuitive interface streamlines processes, enabling faster updates and seamless access to critical information to enhance efficiency and service quality. With modular solutions that align to your needs, you can control costs and achieve measurable outcomes. Whether you choose our full suite or a single solution, our team ensures you maximize value while meeting program goals. Contact usto start the conversation today. Pharmacy Program Members Served Pharmacy Program Providers Supported Pharmacy Claims Processed Accurately process prior authorizations, claims, and encounters with a modern, user-friendly solution that provides data and analytics to states, providers, members, and managed care entities

[Chunk 2]
. Take full advantage of Medicaid drug rebates — including pharmacy and managed care programs, federal and state supplemental programs, and value-based purchasing opportunities — with our cloud-based, interoperable solution. Gainwell designs Preferred Drug Lists (PDL) to deliver financial and clinical value to the client and their members. We focus on lowering overall pharmacy spend and maximizing rebates while promoting safety and improved patient outcomes. To learn more about how we can administer your PDL and supplemental rebate programs or to access state-specific resources, visit ourPreferred Drug List Management portal. Our insights provide demonstrated value by facilitating appropriate and cost-effective medication utilization with better member outcomes around: Personalized, seamless, and omnichannel interactions with contact center staff equipped with state-of-the-art technology and training

[Chunk 3]
. Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability through GainwellEnterprise™. Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights with GainwellGenius™. Accelerating modernization, connectivity, and operational efficiency with GainwellConnect™. We’re passionate about delivering ideas that can help shape the future ofhealthcare, using education and transparency to improve health outcomes for all. Start the conversation today.

