[Chunk 1]
Enhancing outcomes by removing barriers to care, reducing friction, and optimizing cost efficiencies. Our modular solutions empower Medicaid agencies to deliver seamless, efficient experiences for providers. By streamlining screening, enrollment, and ongoing management, we help reduce administrative burdens and foster stronger provider participation. With tools that improve data accuracy, simplify credentialing, enable self-service updates, and enhance responsive contact center support, agencies can elevate provider satisfaction and build more resilient care networks. Contact usto start the conversation today. Application Completion Time Approval Turnaround First Pass Application Streamline processes with automated screening and workflow review tailored for state policies. Take the complexity out of enrollment and improve provider participation with a dynamic online application that meets state program requirements

[Chunk 2]
. Take the complexity out of enrollment and improve provider participation with a dynamic online application that meets state program requirements. Make managing provider data simple with a single source of truth for monthly screenings and revalidations. Improve provider experiences with a self-service tool for updating state Medicaid information for easier revalidation and directory accuracy. Drive efficiency with an NCQA-accredited, centralized solution credentialing Medicaid providers on time across MCOs. Personalized, seamless, and omnichannel interactions with contact center staff equipped with state-of-the-art technology and training. Modernizing claims, encounters, and financials with intelligent automation and interoperability through GainwellEnterprise™. Enabling quality care and affordability with strategies that balance empathy and efficiency. Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights with GainwellGenius™

[Chunk 3]
. Transforming your most complex data into actionable insights with GainwellGenius™. We’re passionate about delivering ideas that can help shape the future ofhealthcare, using education and transparency to improve health outcomes for all. Start the conversation today.

